{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9639555}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title OCR Document}{\author Readiris}{\operator Allen W. Baker}{\creatim\yr2011\mo2\dy2\hr20\min38}{\revtim\yr2011\mo2\dy2\hr20\min38}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords832}{\nofchars4749}{\*\company I.R.I.S.}
{\nofcharsws5570}{\vern24689}}{\*\userprops {\propname Editor}\proptype30{\staticval Readiris}}\paperw16840\paperh11907\margl1036\margr396\margt518\margb0 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9639555 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\cols3\colno1\colw182\colsr734\colno2\colw6710\colsr1084\colno3\colw6696\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\sl-2065\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs206\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri91\sl-211\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin91\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs14\insrsid9639555 ,r.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri62\sl-211\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin62\lin0\itap0 {\f1\insrsid9639555 'I'
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri62\sb91\sl-206\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin62\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs6\insrsid9639555 ~'
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri62\sb91\sl-187\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin62\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs26\insrsid9639555 il
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri62\sb91\sl-120\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin62\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16\insrsid9639555 II!
\par }\pard \qj \fi-230\li230\ri432\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin432\lin230\itap0 {\f1\insrsid9639555 \column }{\f1\fs28\insrsid9639555 2. }{\fs20\insrsid9639555 
BEHAVIOR (I Corinthians 10:6-10; 16:13-14)-Are you feeling less of Christ's presence and power in your life? Are you running with the wrong crowd? Are you doing the right things for the wrong reasons? Do you spend most of your time thinking of yourself ra
t
her than others? Do you act thoughtlessly? Are you doing less than your best in your job, school, family relationships, church, spiritual disciplines? Are you tired of always doing what is right and expected of you? Are you more concerned about impressing
 others that you are spiritual things? Do you tell people you love them while your actions sho'f otherwisel.Do you have a quarrelsome spirit? Are you quicktempJ!r\-
ed? Do you demand your own way?,oo you.find it..hard to admit yopr mistakes? J?rone to be judgemental? Are you a liar? A thief? Have you incurred debts that you are unable to payor have not rightfully paid?
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri302\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx244\tx4324\faauto\rin302\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 \tab Do you break the laws of the land?}{\fs44\insrsid9639555 \tab .
\par }\pard \qj \fi-201\li230\ri432\sb225\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin432\lin230\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 3. COMPLAINING (Job 7; 30:16-31; Ephesians 4:31-32; James 5:8-9) Is youxJife characterizeii by murmuring and complaining-when things
\par }\pard \qj \fi-201\li230\ri432\sb100\sl-196\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin432\lin230\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid9639555 do not go as you-feel they should? Do you complain? Do you tend }{\f1\fs20\insrsid9639555 to
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri302\sl-115\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx676\tx830\tx6144\faauto\rin302\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs26\insrsid9639555 \tab -}{\f1\fs4\insrsid9639555 \tab ~}{\f1\fs14\insrsid9639555 \tab ..
\par }\pard \qj \li230\ri408\sl-182\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin408\lin230\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 look for the faults rather than the good in a person? Are you irritable
\par }\pard \ql \li230\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin230\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 or cranky? Do you ever carry hidden anger? Do you look for the ba~ rather than the good-in your job, family, friends, church, or yours~lf?
\par }\pard \ql \li288\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin288\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 Do you bad mouth those you dislike, distrust, or disagree with? 0<\\ you get tense and "bossy" when there.is much work to be done in a }{
\fs16\insrsid9639555 short--time-?
\par }\pard \ql \li288\ri340\sl-402\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin288\itap0 {\f1\fs40\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-216\li278\ri19\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin19\lin278\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 4. CRITICAL SPIRIT (Philippians 2:12-15; James 4:11; Jude 16)-Have Y0!:'- disho!\\pyd Him and Mis.work by criticizing His servants? Do you }{
\fs28\insrsid9639555 "
\par }\pard \qj \li278\ri374\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin374\lin278\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 find it hard to be corrected? Are you lazy? Do you hesitate to submit to any of the following leaders: f.ather? Mother? Employer? Govern\-
ment?'Church? Are you quick to spot the faults of others?Are you
\par }\pard \qj \li297\ri374\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin374\lin297\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 argumentative? Are you most likely to be sarcastic when annoyed with someone? When upset, do you tend to be negative and critical?
\par }\pard \qj \li297\ri288\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin288\lin297\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 Do you pout? If three good things happened and only one bad thing,,, would you dwell on the bad? }{\fs38\insrsid9639555 .
\par }\pard \qj \fi-206\li297\ri374\sb230\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin374\lin297\itap0 {\fs34\insrsid9639555 5. }{\fs20\insrsid9639555 DECISIONS (Proverbs 16; James 1:5-6)-00 you make decisions be\-
fore knowing the facts? Have you failed to ask God what He wanEs you to do? Do you get into 
difficulty occasionally because of some impulsive decisions? Do you find it difficult to make decisions? Are you impatient for the Lord to act? Are you wavering in that decision you need to make? Is your decision selfish, harmful, or unfair? Do you have a
 troubled conscience about the decision you are about to make?
\par }\pard \qj \li326\ri374\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin374\lin326\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 Will your intended course of action be devisive or cause strife? In making your plans, do you fail to consider what would please your God and Savior?

\par }\pard \qj \li326\ri374\sl-402\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin374\lin326\itap0 {\f1\fs40\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-211\li331\ri302\sl-220\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin302\lin331\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 6. DISCIPLESHIP (Matthew 10:24-42)-00 you f
ind it hard to believe that God has a detailed plan for your life? Are you failing to "Take up your cross" and follow Jesus on a daily basis? Do you fail to have a "Quiet
\par }\pard \ql \fi-211\li331\ri302\sl-224\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin302\lin331\itap0 {\f1\fs22\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \li3120\ri3172\sl-144\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin3172\lin3120\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid9639555 16
\par }\pard \qj \li340\ri316\sl-211\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin316\lin340\itap0 {\f1\insrsid9639555 \column }{\fs20\insrsid9639555 
time" alone with God? Do you seldom read or study God's Word? Do you seldom try to win another person to Christ? Do you doul:ft your salvation? Are you failing to consistently memorize scripture? Are you spiritually undisciplined? Are you trying to live t
he life of a disciple in your own strength? Is your prayer life weak? Do you have an unteach\-able spirit? Are you lazy? Do you despise advice? Do you take the easy way out of a situation?
\par }\pard \qj \li340\ri316\sl-236\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin316\lin340\itap0 {\f1\fs23\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-201\li336\ri326\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin326\lin336\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 
7. DISCIPLINE (II Timothy 1:17; Hebrews 12:5-8)-00 you have a tendency to complain in a difficult situation which requires sustained effort? Do you start tasks and not see them through to the finish? Do you have periods of idleness when it is difficult to
 
find any reason for either physical or mental effort? Are you a disobedient Christian? Do you have a stubborn, unteachable spirit? Do you resent it wh~n God chastens and corrects you? Do you have trouble "hanging in there" when the going gets tough? Are y
ou unable to discipline your
\par }\pard \qj \li336\ri19\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin19\lin336\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 physical body? Are you having trouble disciplining yourself spirit- }{\fs30\insrsid9639555 ' }{\fs20\insrsid9639555 
ually? Do you have bad habits you are unable to break?
\par }\pard \qj \li336\ri19\sl-209\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin19\lin336\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-211\li326\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin326\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 8. DISTRACTIONS (Matthew 16:23; Colossians 3:2; Hebrews 12:1-2)\-Have you failed to follow through on t
hat commitment you made to Christ? Are you suffering from "hurt" feeliQgs? Are you burdened by poor home, marriage, or family relationships? Are you suffering from disillusionment? Are you discouraged? Do you let outside interests (golf, camping, tennis, 
e
tc.) keep you from church? Does your job consume most of your time? Is there anything more important in your life than God? Are you depressed because of guilt feelings? Do you feel left out or unwanted? Are you entangled with the affairs of this life that
 distract you from Him?
\par }\pard \qj \fi-211\li326\ri340\sl-204\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin326\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-201\li307\ri350\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin350\lin307\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 
9. DIRECTION (Proverbs 3:5-6)-00 you have difficulty in believing that God has a detailed plan for your life? Have you disobeyed some direct leading from Him? Have you complained against His leadership in any way? Do you carry any bitterness toward God? I
s
 there in your heart any unwillingness to obey God fully? Are you afraid to pray for God's will for fear His will may not match yours? Have you failed to ask God what He wants you to do? Are you impatient for God to act? Are you trusting more in yourself 
than in God?
\par }\pard \qj \fi-201\li307\ri350\sl-189\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin350\lin307\itap0 {\f1\fs18\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 10. FAMILY (Ephesians 5:22-33; 6:1-4; Colossians 3:18-21; Titus 2:1-10)
\par }\pard \ql \fi-192\li508\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin508\itap0 {\i\fs20\insrsid9639555 Husband, }{\fs20\insrsid9639555 have you failed to }{\fs28\insrsid9639555 . . .
\par }\pard \ql \li508\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin508\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 Love your wife with the love God has for you?
\par Love your wife as you love your own body?
\par Diligently seek to truly understand your wife?
\par Honor her?
\par Be kind, gentle, and loving toward your wife?
\par Be temperate, dignified, sensible, sound in faith, in love, in per\-
\par }\pard \ql \li600\ri340\sl-216\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin600\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid9639555 severance?
\par }\pard \ql \li600\ri340\sl-422\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin340\lin600\itap0 {\f1\fs42\insrsid9639555 
\par }\pard \qj \li3072\ri3201\sl-144\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin3201\lin3072\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid9639555 17
\par }}